# Decision 2025-08-30, part 1
**TL;DR? See _Miscellaneous_.**

(interactive - up one level: [`magnetite_os/`](../))

## Title
Establishment of Decisions Record

## Status
Accepted

## Rationale
- Past decisions have been made ad hoc, using only Git commits
to keep track of progress.
- The Git commit history is inherently fragile, as it can be
easily broken or audited.
- Present and future decisions should be immortalized, so that
future maintainers can keep track of the overall thought process
behind the decisions.
- While indecision and indiscipline can, and occasionally should,
be tolerated, implementing ambitious features without primary and
fallback plans would inevitably lead to intolerable outcomes like
major cleanup efforts.

## Consequence
- Present and future decisions **must** be immortalized, even if
they aren't expected to materialize. This **can**, and perhaps
**should**, be mentally framed as "using detailed reports as a 
drawing board".
- Past decisions are only partly accounted for via fragmented Git
commits. The document [RETROSPECT.md](./RETROSPECT.md) **should**
outline past decisions that 
1. weren't recorded before *this* establishment was accepted, and
2. can be deduced from past commits

Explicitly aggregating commits is **not** necessary, but it would make
retrospective analysis more targeted.

## Miscellaneous
Phrased warmly, the entire statute reads: _Jot down all ideas,
even **bad ones**. Don't hesitate to **hesitate**, but explain why
you hesitated. It's for your own and others' sanity._