# Decision 2025-09-01, part 1
**TL;DR? See _Miscellaneous_.**

(interactive - up one level: [`magnetite_os/`](../))

## Title
Define structure of shared resources module

## Status
Accepted

## Rationale
- As per decision 2025-08-30, part 2: platform-specific
definitions must be separated from shared defintions,
and must be guarded off whenever possible.
- Having a rough sense of how the module should be structured, so
that it can be extended in the future with minimal confusion.

## Consequences
- The module `common` **shall** reside in the `common/` folder,
and **should** be exposed by the `common/mod.rs` file.
- The module `common` **must** at the minimum contain the
`shared` and `arch` submodules.

- Shared definitions **shall** be known as `common::shared` and
reside in the `common/shared` folder. The submodule **should**
be exposed by the `common/shared/mod.rs` file.

- Platform-specific definitions **shall** reside in appropriate
submodules under the `common::arch` umbrella. The umbrella submodule
**shall** reside in the `common/arch` module, and **should** be
exposed by the `common/arch/mod.rs` file.

- Submodules under `common::arch` **should** be exposed by their
corresponding `mod.rs` files.

- The `common::shared` submodule, as well as submodules under
`common::arch`, **must** at the minimum contain the `structs`
submodule.

## Miscellaneous
In essence, the `common` module should at least expose
`common::shared` and `common::arch`, with `common::shared` and
`common::arch::*` exposing at the minimum the `structs`
submodule.